1.Copy by value a composite data type:

  a)Composite datatypes are non-primitive datatypes such that Arrays, objects, Functions.,so it do the same method to copy the          values.i.e, call by reference method,that is to obtain the original address of the variable rather than copy it when this datatypes           assigned to another variable.

  b)let simply,it does the same as Non-primitive DT that is "call by reference"method.

2.Difference between HTTP vers1.1 and HTTP vars 2.0:

   HTTP simply stands HyperText Transfer Prototocol,version1.1 which will actually enable to keep the requests and responses that    we have send and receive over web,as plain text document,whereas in version HTTP 2.0 is the latest version of HTTP where as it    performs binary framing encapsulation to kept data's as in 0's and 1's format(Binary)and it maintains HTTP sematics as well.

3.A difference in behavior for copying contents in primitive and non primitive datatypes:

  a)Primitive datatypes such that strings,numbers,boolean,BigInt.,when these types are assigned to a variable and it supported            method i.e,"call by value" method to copies the actual value to another variable.and also this "call by value"method is only uses      with Primitive datatypes(Deep copy)alone.
  b)Non-Primitive datatypes are Objects i.e,Array,it uses "copy by reference"method to gives reference to the whole original object      to the variable rather giving simply a copy where it has been assigned.
  c)N-PD also called Shallow copy and it refee original object so it saves memory space where as in PD is not.

4.Objects and its internal representation in Javascript:

   a)Objects are real world entities in programming language and it is a collection of primitive,non-primitive or composite datatypes.
   b)in javascript,something called JSON(JavaScript Object Notation)it holds the KEY:VALUE pairs.the key values should be in       string type and values are any datatypes.
   c)most commonly,the JSON takes the given datatypes as a string alone so if we want to convert to another type if need.
      it takes the props that lightweight,small and faster access.

5.Window, Screen, and Document in Javascript:

   a)Window:
            Window represent the complete things about browsers window.All global JavaScript objects, functions, and variables             automatically become members of the window object.
   b)Document:
            DocumentT is the actual content of the page i.e the html page.
   c)Screen:
            Screen is an property of WINDOW where we can see the content about the users screen.It can be used to display screen                     width, height etc.